_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
author_profile: true
---
# About me

My primary research interests are in machine learning and its application to computer vision. In particular, I am interested in the adversarial robustness of deep neural networks.

I am working on my MASc. with [Prof. Alex Wong](http://www.eng.uwaterloo.ca/~a28wong/index.html) and [Prof. David Clausi](https://uwaterloo.ca/vision-image-processing-lab/people-profiles/david-clausi) in the Vision and Image Processing ([VIP](https://uwaterloo.ca/vision-image-processing-lab/)) Lab within [Systems Design Engineering](https://uwaterloo.ca/systems-design-engineering/) at the [University of Waterloo](https://uwaterloo.ca/). In Spring 2016, I completed my BASc. in [Mechatronics Engineering](https://uwaterloo.ca/mechanical-mechatronics-engineering/) at the University of Waterloo.

During the first year of my MASc., I worked as a research engineer intern with [Christie Digital](https://www.christiedigital.com/en-us), a Canadian projector technology company. There I collaborated with a team of Christie engineers on achieving [projector super-resolution enhancement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super-resolution_imaging) - extending the resolution of projectors beyond their hardware capabilities.

My Master’s thesis focuses on 3D reconstruction technologies. I am building a novel active depth sensing system that infers depth by analyzing the blurriness of the projection pattern at different depth levels caused by camera defocus. Without relying on complex hardware, I constructed multiple parametric ([Gaussian based](http://openjournals.uwaterloo.ca/index.php/vsl/article/view/96)) and non-parametric ([DNN-based](http://openjournals.uwaterloo.ca/index.php/vsl/article/view/165)) computational models for depth inference.

Commit message:

modify about parametric/non-parametric estimation on depth inference model

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
author_profile: true
---
# About me

My primary research interests are in machine learning and its application to computer vision. In particular, I am interested in the adversarial robustness of deep neural networks.

I am working on my MASc. with [Prof. Alex Wong](http://www.eng.uwaterloo.ca/~a28wong/index.html) and [Prof. David Clausi](https://uwaterloo.ca/vision-image-processing-lab/people-profiles/david-clausi) in the Vision and Image Processing ([VIP](https://uwaterloo.ca/vision-image-processing-lab/)) Lab within [Systems Design Engineering](https://uwaterloo.ca/systems-design-engineering/) at the [University of Waterloo](https://uwaterloo.ca/). In Spring 2016, I completed my BASc. in [Mechatronics Engineering](https://uwaterloo.ca/mechanical-mechatronics-engineering/) at the University of Waterloo.

During the first year of my MASc., I worked as a research engineer intern with [Christie Digital](https://www.christiedigital.com/en-us), a Canadian projector technology company. There I collaborated with a team of Christie engineers on achieving [projector super-resolution enhancement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super-resolution_imaging) - extending the resolution of projectors beyond their hardware capabilities.

My Master’s thesis focuses on 3D reconstruction technologies. I am building a novel active depth sensing system that infers depth by analyzing the blurriness of the projection pattern at different depth levels caused by camera defocus. Without relying on complex hardware, I developed a computational depth inference model based on parametric estimation approach([Gaussian based](http://openjournals.uwaterloo.ca/index.php/vsl/article/view/96)) and non-parametric estimation ([Deep learning-driven](http://openjournals.uwaterloo.ca/index.php/vsl/article/view/165)).
